from everyone this is a video
hairstyle i will show you a kind
of mykeul co2 actually but a lot more
sophisticated where a lot more worked
that a half-tail stupid hello
honking people so here I have
kept that side that was already done and
we will do the same thing on the other
side I show you how we do and
after we assemble the two so one
little bit more pretty
so it's an African braid if you
do not know how to make braids
african I put you the link in the
info bar of a video where I explain
really very very very clearly
how to make an African braid
as it is a little long I prefer
send you to the video I explain
everything is at the limit if you do not have
make it go see the video
practice and come back to that one
if you know how to do it and very rock'n very
well we'll start right away
be careful so we have six they would have
do not we split the hair to the
half you can shift the skate to
middle me I 'm going in the middle for
that it's about equal to both
sides but you can shifted it where
you want it's you who see if you
want to keep front locks isolated
bath simply you take them off at
start me as she began to say
a bit long I preferred to include them
in and like that I'm quiet
all day I have not thought of my
hair that's what I first have
start by taking three wicks as
any African braids
finally from 13 anyway besides so
there I take them along the face and
not in depth in relation to the
skull
so I take one in the middle and
one who takes the hair that is just
above the ear like that all the
all the side and finally all the everything
along the front and what what if I wanted
so we have 1 2 and 3 and actually at each
time we will add hair but
only they come from above
so it's actually a semi that that
that's what I do not find my
words
it's only a semi braid
African that is to say that the braid
african we add hair to
right and left every time and there
we will add only
from one of the two sides you will see I
starts with the one from above that I
pass between the other two from below
is actually that of the place is found in
top and I add her hair so
that until now it's normal
then that from above that of
below goes in the middle europe
and when I pick up whenever
I have an image that arrives at the top
take back hair by
underneath I do not pick up up I
take some hair but underneath
do not add it seems to me like we
call that it's a name I wonder if
it's not the lie that trade in English
I have more we add only once on
two so I add and down I
do not add when we arrive
well it depends where you want in
can it be very soon after two or
three only me I'm going so far
behind the ear so does when
I arrive behind the ear I stop
add the hair and there I do a
normal braid
I attach rubber
and the purpose is to see if we
did not take any other hair
is now possibly from the
braid so once we have this I have the
same thing on the other side I'm
so I had this and that and there the goal
basil you if you have laziness or do not
do not want you can do that all
simply there in fact I'm going to them
sprains she is one around
the other
so I just closed and I serve and
this one I'll try to drag it
below a few steps spoil it
and this one here so it's easier
here because we did not take any
heads from underneath the bottom rises
super easy so that's fastoche
and that of tufa before
last hair and we stick it in and
then we take painted silk pliers
splat like this is tweezers
bun as you prefer and fixed
should hide in fact
so here I do not know if it's very
very well done since as you
know I want it without a mirror and I'm going
check right at the end to make
readjustments
but you see the idea that I mean
so it's up to me to train and you
you train once you have the
basic principle is then low for the
in front of you can put tongs if
you prefer to flatten a little too
a little more volume you can pull
like that on the wicks you shoot a
little forward and it will do a little more
of volume and for the tsuba you can
leave like that you can do a
braid that comes to the side you can
to make a fair ponytail you
can make a bun
if you want to crowd like that
quickly make a bun that puffs a
little bit on the side it's a little
Marianne Robin Hood
I'm not super inspired I
will leave like this for now
I hope you like it I do
big big kisses so then yes I wanted
start a new thing because I have
seen someone do it I found that
it was a great idea if you
make them at home instead of
send me emails what I'm saying
said before and suddenly there is me
who see them if you have an account
instagram do not hesitate to post them on
instagram and to me tag is my
pseudo cb as bluffing everything attached
sailing where I make you big video
I hope everything is fine that you
take good care of yourself and your
hair so to do and I tell you to
very quickly ciao